All work and no play makes Jack a dullboy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work
    and no play makes Jack a dull boy . Aol work and
no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dullboy.  All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy.  All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy.     All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy.    All work and no play makes Jack a dOll
boy.    All work and no play makes Jack al dull boy.   All
work and no play meakes MUJack a dull boy.  All work an
dno playmakes Jack a dull boy.  All work and no play
makes Jack a dull boy.  All work and no play makes Jack
a dull boy.     All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.     All work and
no play makes Jack a dull boy.  All work and no palay makes
Jack a dull boy.    All work and no play makes Jack a dull
boy.    All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.     All work
and no play makes Jack a dull boy..     All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.     All work and
no play makes Jack a dull boy.  All work and no play makes
 Jack a dull boy.   All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
All work ndn no play makes Jajck a dull boy.    All work and
no play makes Jack a dull boy.  .All work and no play makes
Jack a dullboy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

All work a ndno play makes Jack a dull boy.     A. lwork and
no play makes Jack a dull boy.  Alll work and no play
    makes Jack a dull boy.  Alo work and no play makes Jack
a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Allwork and no play makes Jack a dull boy.  Allwork and
no play makes Jack a dull boy.

    All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy

    All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy

    All work and no play mmakes Jack a dull boy

  v All work and no PLay ma es Jack a dull boy

    All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy

    All work and no play m^Kes Jack a dull boy

    All work and no pllay makes Jack a dull boy